= DESCRIPTION:

Installs nginx from source code and sets up configuration handling similar to Debian's Apache2 scripts.

= REQUIREMENTS:

== Cookbooks:

== Platform:

Tested on Suse Linux Enterprise Server 10.2 and 11.2.

= ATTRIBUTES:

* version - sets the version to install.
* install_path - for nginx::source, sets the --prefix installation.
* src_binary - for nginx::source, sets the binary location.
* dir - configuration dir.
* log_dir - where logs go.
* user - user to run as.
* configure_flags - for nginx::source, the flags to use for compilation.
* gzip* - configure the gzip module.
* keepalive - whether to use keepalive.
* keepalive_timeout
* worker_processes - number of workers to spawn.
* worker_connections - number of connections per worker.
* server_names_hash_bucket_size

= USAGE:

* Install via compiled source (nginx::source)

= LICENSE and AUTHOR:

Copyright (c) 2010 Jonathan Tron <jonathan@tron.name>

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.